How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Instead of having to look through hundreds or thousands of lines of code to find
	any differences, 'diff' or 'fc' reduced the number of lines I had to look through 
	by showing only the lines that were changed.
	
	
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    If I need to track down bugs with a specific feature it would be helpful to see what
	has changed since the program was running without bugs. It could come in handy
	when I want to reuse pieces of code in other projects. 
	

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?
	Pro - more control over your saves. Your commits will be complete and logical
		Should be easier for you and others to understand
    Con - Could lose   work if you forget to commit and your computer crashes, or your
		commits may be confusing if you remember to commit at odd times. 
		
		
		
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Mainly I think it's just due to their intended uses. Google Docs is not aimed towards
	programmers. It generally would have a bunch of different documents that have no relation
	to each other. 
	


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Use git log to view all of the commits. Read the commit messages for notes on 
	each change. 
	
	
	
How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
	git checkout will allow you to go intot he history and make changes without altering your existing 
	files. Then you can save it as new if you like the changes. This still keeps your original work untouched. 
	
	
Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
	I want to be able to effectively track changes to code and eventually collaborate with
	other developers. 